CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

## Contributing to CFDScript

Thank you for your interest in contributing to CFDScript! To ensure a smooth and collaborative development process, please review and follow the guidelines outlined in this document.

## Certificate of Origin
 
By contributing to this project you agree to the Developer Certificate of
Origin (DCO). This document is a simple statement that you, as a contributor, 
have the legal right to make the contribution. See the <a href="./DCO" target="_blank">DCO</a> file for details.

## Contribution Guidelines

1. **Fork the Repository**: Begin by forking the repository to your own GitHub account.

2. **Create a Branch**: Create a new branch for your feature or bugfix.
   ```bash
   git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name

3. **Write Tests**: If applicable, write tests for your contributions to ensure the functionality works as expected.

4. **Make Changes**: Implement your changes in the codebase.

5. **Commit Changes**: Commit your changes with clear and descriptive commit messages.
   ```bash
   git commit -m "Add new feature: your feature description"

6. **Push to Branch**: Push your changes to your branch on GitHub.
   ```bash
   git push origin feature/your-feature-name

7. Submit Pull Request: Open a pull request from your branch to the main repository. Provide a detailed description of your changes and reference any related issues.

Thank you for your contributions and for helping to make CFDScript better!

Commit message:

Delete DCO in order to simplify the contribution process

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

## Contributing to CFDScript

Thank you for your interest in contributing to CFDScript! To ensure a smooth and collaborative development process, please review and follow the guidelines outlined in this document.

## Contribution Guidelines

1. **Fork the Repository**: Begin by forking the repository to your own GitHub account.

2. **Create a Branch**: Create a new branch for your feature or bugfix.
   ```bash
   git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name

3. **Make Changes**: Implement your changes in the codebase.

4. **Format your code**: We recommend using Visual Studio Code with the Prettier plugin for automatic code formatting. You can download Visual Studio Code from <a href="https://code.visualstudio.com/" target="_blank">here</a> and install the Prettier plugin via the Extensions sidebar.

5. **Commit Changes**: Commit your changes with clear and descriptive commit messages.
   ```bash
   git commit -m "Add new feature: your feature description"

6. **Push to Branch**: Push your changes to your branch on GitHub.
   ```bash
   git push origin feature/your-feature-name

7. Submit Pull Request: Open a pull request from your branch to the main repository. Provide a detailed description of your changes and reference any related issues.

Thank you for your contributions and for helping to make CFDScript better!
